# APPOINMENTS
## Video demo: https://youtu.be/JfetYz2A30g
### Description:
hello, my name is farzin abbasi from tehran,iran do it all by my self. appointment is a web aplication which you can rigister whit your name, number, bussines name  and password. after your register your bussines name up of fildset around a form. form have 4 input they are: name, phone number, date and description which is optional.cutomers who want take a appointment from you can submit they info and take inpointment. those already register in web can log in white they names and passwords to see table from who's take appointments. this help bussines owner to without any call or forget appointment do ther job even you can programmin for your self. useres can add appointment with they self for don't forgot they daily schedule. for upgrade the appointment web i want have a auto delete. it work like evry time list loaded each appointmeint is past automate delete.

app.py: a app thath wrote white pyton and have many functions firs massage for return errors ann success secend index which take value from sql database table users and make a form. third add function insert costomers appointment into database table appointments. fourth take your name and password then check white hash passwords if is equal send you and appointmeint table value to list.html this function call login. register function take your name, number, bussines name, password and confirmation of password then first check for password and confirmation is same or not if not send you massage function else chage password to hash and insert your info in users table. last function take id from a hidden input in list.html and delete every thing related to id.

appointmaint.db: a database have two table one users have info about who register column is id, name, number, business and hashed password. another table is appointments which have id, name, number, date and user_id FOREIGN KEY referece users(id) of customers.

templates: folder of HTMLs. in the HTMLs i use jinja coeds. in the index you cand see extends from layout in body i have a 'for' for form of users there name of bussines and hidden input for id when costomers take appointment id from users table connect to user_id in appointments table in the head i have three link login, register and home. in register tab is a form that have 5 input name, phone number, bussines name, password and password confirmation users can fill the form and they bussines name appear in top of a form in index. login tab is littel one have 2 input for name and password of your register after you submit send you to list.html which have a for in table show you who ever take appointment and at the right of row you can see a delete buttom click omn delete and then this row is delete and send you to login page ofcurse i have to handel this one. in layout is a title name appointment head is take appointment and three links in last not least  my footer(created by farzin).

static: a folder have one file style.css for my HTMLs.head have yellow background and black text links have border color of royalblue double. body have gold background balck text. input have black background and white text. tables have board in royalblue around the tables not around sheets. all elements are center.
